i
for the crime
he killed me
nothing's wrong guys because I have here a
fantastic and wonderful wardrobe that
you're going to see right now that once
I die and they take away all the brand
press that plate under pressure I turn
again here for 100% that is the
Instant kit is an authentic
enjoyed the magical closet the closet as
you want to call it is a real joy
open what I have there I have what
that armor I have potion of
regeneration I have what is fixed sword
I get flu from everything at all
clipper I say the the leander man the truth
that is a wardrobe that is great is a
wardrobe that you have to have all that
that you play the survival all those
who said round his look is that he no longer
makes history decides what to do more
clear tutorials that I'm going to do
tutorials guys what happens to have
minecraft account that are not only
things the rosos with tutorials you have to
do more than tutorials you have to teach
the worlds of the subscribers and so on
aside, keep in mind that minecraft
is almost all invented then I do not know
can invent if suddenly everything
little things well guys we are going to place
seven blocks for six is worth seven they go to
go 3
it's four or five or six then it's worth
what guys he says well followed
tutorials I will continue doing
what is survival of all a little but
you have to go changing guys you can not
pretend that there are many people
what he likes is bad form now I want
to always make your vaginas clear and
something that you like pistons that you do
always you have pistons since they
you like that there you have to go combining
a little then by guys we do not put
two blocks and two blocks leaving one in
separation medium and one to the edges
It means space two blocks
spaces two blocks spaces ok yo
I use green wool you can use it
that you want and also use
white wool to go combining different
heights and that we are not worth
then in stature I will place wool
white I will place in the spaces
just where you do not have this front
I'm just going to place the white wool already
you see that it has a small form of w the
true that what
this moment so far simple and I'm going
to put this in what are the blocks
of green wool at the first height is worth
you see perfect ok and now I'm going to place
here and the 3 by 3 that is 3 wide
for three long here are three more here
three more and then two on the sides
just fine up here perfectly fine vale
I will continue with the right thing here rest
here and in the middle a pressure plate
that I do not have in the crazy crazy madman
nothing happens then I will continue to place
here in this area here another block
more and in this area here another block
more put it back green because if
without so much a first green height
second white third green follows
being that the color that you want
and here up there is the green one
again another block and placed one
let's say small elongation to place
what are the dispensers
dispensers worth in these are
dispensers expected a title that is
what I'm missing here because I think if
I'm not mistaken that they are three tall
3 long 1 if not there then to
principle yes five are three let's see
which will ratify are three long and
here another three long in the
perfect laterals exempts me manned
on the other absolutely equal ok
well dispensers I will place one two
three and on the other side absolutely
equal 123 dispensers I'll remind you guys
dispensers alright now what I have
what to do is fine I will place here
block there in that area there there you see
you can not give the dispenser with if not
leaves us in three the thought that
place it on the right side I'll place
there another there is another and in the middle too
block is worth
I'm saying same I put green
you can put with likes you want and placed
what is a dispenser right in the
we're going to see there you see guys
first floor almost finished I'm missing
place the water vale place water in that
corner water in that corner and I forgot
from the dispenser the dispenser
hit another pressure you have to put a
pressure dish there are guys in the middle already
I said when I said before no no what
I have placed it then forget me
then nothing happens that fixes it
doing like this I remove here this placed
a pressure plate that I have to go to
look for it where is the potassium profession
of tension silver pressure
where is where are you where is where
where is the silver there
pressure is perfect as an example of
stone is worth to me and the water that the water already
I will not take better then silver
press and I take off is the block and no longer
you dance does not go out the water is easy
guys facilitate well we continue to place
block and block up there in this case
already placed it in white different height and
I put what block block is
these are provisional this white in
the one that guys and vice now because to
can place the dispensers then
placed dispenser dispenser
Dispenser dispenser and turn those
blocks because if I can not I can get to
place the dispenser guys
heavy dispensers and remove the
blocks and dispensers and I remove the
perfect blocks I already have the second
row of dispensers done now that what
I have to place the redstone
the redstone is then worth the rest
no problem if you focus with the rest
towards what is the dispenser is not going
Ok, it does not leave you then you have to
focus what is everything then everything
here everything here is worth waiting for
you see perfectly how it has to go
we're also going to this area here with
this area here and this area here
well so what is the line below and
It really has what electricity is
it's worth what I'm going to do next
guys and attention that we are finishing
I will place one to season here a
block and I'm going to place all the part of
up covering the lid on this can
per can per can it is broken then
I already have the vibration done now
the rest towards the top as
I have to do focusing on the blocks
that are up because if you fire the
dispenser does not leave the rest does not leave
apply it then it focused on those of
up and we have it already guys
Indeed there is nothing else to do
you just have to put inside the
dispenser all the objects that
you want me to give you once I step on the
pressure plate would work already guys
you wanted a tutorial here you have
new tutorial a magical re the
walk-in closet
in the dressing room of the second as you want
call it does not have any science or just
you have to cover the casing like
You want to see how I had it
I recommend in principle I made a
pasillito is look now floor here to see
you see and the dispensers already sound
they would really give all the material nothing
more guys I'm going to ask for a like
subscribe to share social networks
and see you in minecraft